Fix error messages, planned enhancements, phone number constraint to 3-15 digits (#279)
AY2425S2-CS2103T-W12-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

  * A top-level domain (e.g. `.com`) is optional.
* `PROJECT` can be any value.
* `PROGRESS` should be a whole number between 0 and 100.

> * Each `TAG` should be alphanumeric, contains no spacing and is case-sensitive (e.g. `cs` and `Cs` are counted as two different tags).

Reviewer: Should probably be `contain` and `spaces`
```suggestion
* Each `TAG` should be alphanumeric, contain no spaces and is case-sensitive (e.g. `cs` and `Cs` are counted as two different tags).
```
